who's ready for battle cries you know
you're not wearing them where's Emma did
she come
did she come come to Bible class there
she is sick so glad you came
okay we're going to do it real quick
this time so I'm not gonna do everybody
okay all right
usually we do this for church so we're
gonna do the cars okay ready
did you come to church and helicopter
did you come to church did you come Joe
did you come oh did you come to church
in a helicopter no what'd you guys come
to church in what are you going to
church in hey you go to church in it
good job can I see all your car
quick today alright let's look at the
Bible what do we learned in Bible class
we learn about the Bible the Bible can
you share with Audrey the Bible
we its
it's where we must be careful as we turn
the page it's got one what's the Bible
tell us about these about Jesus yes
jesus loves me this I know for the Bible
tells me so little ways to me but he is
strong
okay and then we do I'm here okay
Audrey Audrey Audrey do you're so very
special
your hair is branding your eyes are too
next I'm coming
Colton Colton Colton you you're so very
special
your hair is that in your eyes or to
that is how come need you who is that
Coulter wait please I am there then we
teach about how God made everything and
that's called creation God need the
whole world right
he made the dark and I why do you like
that baby Colton ha ha you know that's
the world you can use we can use our
book yeah or we can just do it with our
toys right okay
God made the light Englund darn yes look
baby Colton yeah TV Colton look you need
the earth I mean all things
what's gonna fish eats don't do the
fishies
that's a guard me me all the living
creatures in this season there's a fishy
okay let's make our fish juice God me
fish to swim like this swim my face
can we sing it got me to swim like this
swim swim swim and you can also use a
little bucket of water we can put our
fishies in the water can't be okay let's
pretend this is the one and let's put
our fishies in
okay can you better back put them in
order
thank you some water all right and then
we do the birds and we do the animals
and then we do the babies I need the
baby Jesus loves the little children all
the children of the world
Yeah right no black and white they are
precious in His sight Jesus loves the
little children of the world
yes he does all right
God made all the children and give me
the whole world the whole world it is
custom it is whoa
okay you guys ready to pray okay and our
Bible class pray that was really quick
on we'll do it longer next time
okay let's pray Emma can you pray let's
pray for us